Mom
brother
I miss you so much!
Hahahahaha
Who are you?
Who let you in?
Get out of here
Don't let me rob people
Who do you think sent us here?
You let me go
Let me go and have a piece hahaha
Mom still wants to do it, I'll kill you
Dad brother
Who are you here to save me?
This is the good girl you called out
He actually ran into a bar and fought a group of men
I tore up my marriage
My old face was humiliated by him
Oops, what's the use of scolding me now?
The engagement party starts in an hour
By the way, it's warm
Where is the warm person?
No, let this little bitch take over first
After the engagement ceremony is completed
That's all we can do now
I'm going to call him.
Come with me. Qianqing is sick
You go to the engagement party for him
That's not possible.
Stop asking what you did to your stomach last night
You little bitch is shameless, right?
I'll have the doctor stop your mother's medication right now
Let your old bitch die
I'll ask you again.
To go or not to go